I can't manage the company well for 7 days
I have not studied management
If he can manage the company well
The sow?
Can go up the tree
I am informing you
I'm not discussing with you.
And you
Mother and daughter of the Tian family
I called you up
I want you to see
The previous Qi Tian, you loved to answer and ignore
The current Qi Tian is beyond your reach
This is bad luck
I see how much luck he can have
Could it be that I can only borrow money from Qi Tian in a low voice?
Oh?
today
The company is left to you
You can manage it however you want
Guys, I'm a nice guy to talk to.
Just a little bit
There's no sand in my eyes.
Money is responsible
Did you resign yourself?
Or let me drive you